Update Set-PnPWebTheme.md (#141)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint-PowerShell: sharepoint/sharepoint-ps/sharepoint-pnp/Set-PnPWebTheme.md

```

## DESCRIPTION

> Sets the theme of the current web. * Requires SharePoint Administration Rights *

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the theme of the current web. *Requires SharePoint administrator rights*.
```

> Sets the theme of the current web. * Requires SharePoint Administration Rights *

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sets the theme of the current web. *Requires the SharePoint admin role*.
```
I think it's more appropriate.
